ITU's absolutely tailor-made for the
people in the windows some Mikado slows
this candidate was the only three of us
in the game her slow it is nine eight
three two one blast up oh my god look at
the lag he's just behind there oh no
he's just behind there yes oh my god
that second shot should have cured him I
prefer this tik twelve now actually I
think the eye coach was bent over nerfed
it was once a good gun once upon a time
but then I fucking how you know you're
on a streak and then this is what
happens
we've nerfed the quickscoping down not
enough thank you hello oh my god whoa
shit that could have been disastrous
that would've been embarrassing that
would have been a noob of the week
perfect are you fucking kidding me
it's fucking nowhere near
we'll never find this other guy ever see
they're all gunning for me now they're
all just gonna keep coming I quite like
it here they're just gonna come from
both sides and then they'll come from
here understand the spawns then they'll
come back the other way back through
there they're just gonna keep coming in
coming in coming in coming oh shit oh we
didn't even have blast shield I did he
survive that the perfect bloody oh well
I was clearly beaten by the batter fuck
you man wasn't I are you kidding me why
do I have the worst deaths on earth like
some prick you can't even aim just
sprained his gun like that so I didn't
get a triple for fuck's sake ladies and
gentlemen we will resume service shortly
when we find the enemy somewhere at all
there is
oh my god oh the black ops one heat
section perfecto
this is right exactly where I don't have
be I'm right in the middle of everything
and even though they've got those two
flags there ima be the spawns they still
come from behind yeah I consumer well
for hit markers on the sniper five
fucking five hit markers
I generally wouldn't put marathon with
the tarp no I like to get this is where
I always get to when I start playing so
yeah fuck him thank you very much thank
you very much you fucking prick oh my
god twice why would it put me in front
of him again watch him get me again fuck
are you going through there again
oh no he's predators give a fuck oh no
he's shooting at me he can't win I can't
lose this valuable lead it's the best
lead ever I'm gonna win this game at
eating my one kill
option two helicopter they should put
him
oh fuck you know that was a handier ha
ha there's a handy helicopter to jump
into hello can I come aboard your
helicopter of course you can but we're
about to die you pretty much a sitting
duck on that oh fuck it our oh my god
I'm not gonna make it why does boys that
the helicopters can fly in the danger
zone only reason a bloody jumped out was
because I thought it we're gonna blow up
again ah it's a good start to the game
any yeah I wish they'd put more gun
turrets on there so you're not just
sitting there with you dick in yards oh
my god this one's going down as well
fucking hell get out my parachute bad
fuck you know it's like the most
pathetic forfeit ever I mean I don't
even feel worthy I'm gonna victory spin
anyway cuz that's the war but man that
was pathetic one by one come on
everybody get i get i get i get i'm a
bit like the mother of all dispersed
never mind
Oh Multi girl
it's fucking pointless even thinking
that I can stay in the game when
somebody with a Remington shotgun can
shoot my fucking toe after I've just
emptied I mean 50 bullets
I put 25 yeah fucking him what a great
addition to our squad is that man just
standing there just below just let
something else join the game your
fucking selfish prick
you